Weil eine Datenschutzvereinbarung nötig und rechtlich heikel ist, habe ich nachfolgend den Text aus einer Vorlage kopiert und leicht angepasst. Im Zweifel gilt der vernünftige Menschenverstand.<br/><br/>

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the
collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the
Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects
You.
<br/>

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the
Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance
with this Privacy Policy.
<br/><br/>

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined
under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the
same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
<br/><br/>

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:<br/>

<ul>
<li>

<strong>Account</strong> means a unique account created for You to
access our Service or parts of our Service.
<br/>

</li>
<li>

<strong>Company</strong> (referred to as either &quot;the
Company&quot;, &quot;We&quot;, &quot;Us&quot; or &quot;Our&quot; in
this Agreement) refers to Gabriel Software, Wiesenstrasse 22, 8800
Thalwil.
<br/>

</li>
<li>

<strong>Cookies</strong> are small files that are placed on Your
computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing
the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many
uses.
<br/>

</li>
<li>

<strong>Country</strong> refers to: Switzerland
<br/>

</li>
<li>

<strong>Device</strong> means any device that can access the Service
such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
<br/>

</li>
<li>

<strong>Personal Data</strong> is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
<br/>

</li>
<li>

<strong>Service</strong> refers to the Website.
<br/>

</li>
<li>

<strong>Service Provider</strong> means any natural or legal person
who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to
third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to
facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the
Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the
Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
<br/>

</li>
<li>

<strong>Third-party Social Media Service</strong> refers to any
website or any social network website through which a User can log in
or create an account to use the Service.
<br/>

</li>
<li>

<strong>Usage Data</strong> refers to data collected automatically,
either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service
infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
<br/>

</li>
<li>

<strong>Website</strong> refers to vermehrung.ch, accessible from
<a href="https://vermehrung.ch" rel="external nofollow noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">https://vermehrung.ch</a>
<br/>

</li>
<li>

<strong>You</strong> means the individual accessing or using the
Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such
individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
<br/>

</li>
</ul>

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

<br/>

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain
personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or
identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not
limited to:
<br/>

<ul>
<li>
Email address<br/>
</li>
<li>
First name and last name<br/>
</li>
<li>
Phone number<br/>
</li>
<li>
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City<br/>
</li>
<li>
Usage Data<br/>
</li>
</ul>

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.<br/>

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol
address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our
Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on
those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
<br/>

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect
certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type
of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of
Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile
Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic
data.
<br/>

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit
our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
<br/><br/>

#### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on
Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are
beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve
and analyze Our Service.
<br/>

You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a
Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not
be able to use some parts of our Service.
<br/>

Cookies can be &quot;Persistent&quot; or &quot;Session&quot; Cookies.
Persistent Cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when
You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close
your web browser.
<br/>

We use both session and persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:
<br/>

<ul>
<li>

<strong>Necessary / Essential Cookies</strong>
<br/>
Type: Session Cookies<br/>
Administered by: Us<br/>

Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services
available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its
features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use
of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have
asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide
You with those services.
<br/>

</li>
<li>

<strong>Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies</strong>
<br/>
Type: Persistent Cookies<br/>
Administered by: Us<br/>

Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of
cookies on the Website.
<br/>

</li>
<li>

<strong>Functionality Cookies</strong>
<br/>
Type: Persistent Cookies<br/>
Administered by: Us<br/>

Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You
use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language
preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more
personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your
preferences every time You use the Website.
<br/>

</li>
</ul>

For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding
cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our
Privacy Policy.
<br/><br/>

### Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:<br/>

<ul>
<li>
  <strong>To provide and maintain our Service</strong>, including to
  monitor the usage of our Service.
</li>
<li>
  <strong>To manage Your Account:</strong> to manage Your registration as
  a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access
  to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as
  a registered user.
</li>
<li>
  <strong>For the performance of a contract:</strong> the development,
  compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products,
  items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us
  through the Service.
</li>
<li>
  <strong>To contact You:</strong>
  To contact You by email, telephone
  calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such
  as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or
  informative communications related to the functionalities, products or
  contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or
  reasonable for their implementation.
</li>
<li>
  <strong>To provide You</strong> with news, special offers and general
  information about other goods, services and events which we offer that
  are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about
  unless You have opted not to receive such information.
</li>
<li>
  <strong>To manage Your requests:</strong> To attend and manage Your
  requests to Us.
</li>
</ul>
We may share your personal information in the following situations:<br/>
<ul>
<li>
  <strong>With Service Providers:</strong> We may share Your personal
  information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our
  Service, to contact You.
</li>
<li>
  <strong>For Business transfers:</strong> We may share or transfer Your
  personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any
  merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a
  portion of our business to another company.
</li>
<li>
  <strong>With Affiliates:</strong> We may share Your information with Our
  affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this
  Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other
  subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control
  or that are under common control with Us.
</li>
<li>
  <strong>With Business partners:</strong> We may share Your information
  with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or
  promotions.
</li>
<li>
  <strong>With other users:</strong> when You share personal information
  or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such
  information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed
  outside. If You interact with other users or register through a
  Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party
  Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and
  description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to
  view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your
  profile.
</li>
</ul>

### Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is
necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain
and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our
legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to
comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal
agreements and policies.
<br/>

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes.
Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when
this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the
functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this
data for longer time periods.
<br/><br/>

### Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's
operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in
the processing are located. It means that this information may be
transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your
state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data
protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
<br/>

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such
information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
<br/>

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your
data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no
transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a
country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security
of Your data and other personal information.
<br/><br/>

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

#### Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your
Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your
Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy
Policy.
<br/><br/>

#### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your
Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests
by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
<br/><br/>

#### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that
such action is necessary to:
<br/>

<ul>
<li>Comply with a legal obligation</li>
<li>Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company</li>
<li>
  Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the
  Service
</li>
<li>Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public</li>
<li>Protect against legal liability</li>
</ul>

### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that
no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic
storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable
means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute
security.
<br/><br/>

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by
Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third
party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every
site You visit.
<br/>

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
<br/><br/>

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of
any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
<br/>

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service,
prior to the change becoming effective and update the &quot;Last
updated&quot; date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
<br/>

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any
changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted
on this page.
<br/><br/>

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
<br/>

<ul>
<li>
By email: alex@gabriel-software.ch<br/>
</li>
<li>
By phone number: +41 79 372 51 64<br/>
</li>
<li>
By mail: Wiesenstrasse 22, 8800 Thalwil, Schweiz<br/>
</li>
</ul>
